okay guys so today we're doing another
recipe from our eat well lose weight I
guess series and this is what I'm making
today they have sections in this book
well they have all all sections but like
the main course or sides and all that
stuff and then after that they have like
a section where it breaks down kind of
different types of food or different
regions so there's an Asian section in
the instruction Italian section it gives
you a couple of recipes so I picked the
Asian section because i really love
Asian food I love tofu now we are going
to be making tofu and veggie pot
stickers with a dipping sauce um I
believe how many is it three pot
stickers and 1 tablespoon of sauce is
132 calories so this is a very very very
good dinner to eat this is not going to
give you a lot of calories and I
actually went online to better homes and
garden to actually look up the recipe
when I couldn't find the book the pot
stickers themselves are actually only
eight calories per serving those extra
calories you get comes from the dipping
sauce so if you didn't want to use those
the dipping sauce and save on calories
you can actually do that which will
drastically change the calorie count for
this but let's get into the ingredients
first you have some tofu and this calls
for half of an eight ounce package of
tofu or roughly nine ounces my grocery
store only carries one brand of tofu and
one size which is the 14 ounce size so
all you really need is nine ounces so if
you have a 14-ounce sighs just a little
bit more than half of that package now I
like to get the extra firm time because
is I prefer the texture of it if you
don't care or if your grocery store has
a bunch of different types of tofu get
whatever one you prefer but I'm a
texture person and I like the texture of
the extra firm also you need to join
this and a good way to drain it if you
don't well after you drain just the
plain water out of the container I mean
you need to drain it so it's still not
as moist if you have a tofu press that's
perfect if not take your tofu and I
should have videoed this but I forgot
take Utah foo and put it on some paper
towel and then stack heavy things on top
of it I put a pot and a couple of bowls
on it and put some more paper towel on
top and let it sit for about 10 to 15
minutes and you see all that moisture
let me see if I can wring it out all of
that got squeezed out of the tofu so
that's a good way because you don't want
all that in your pot stickers because
i'll make them soggy then we have two
tablespoons of green onion about two
small green onions chopped up one I'm
sorry one-third cup of shredded carrot
one third cup of broccoli slaw and a
good thing if you guys are shopping in
advance by the fresh broccoli saw and
throw it into the freezer because that's
what I did you can do that with the
broccoli slaw because all the did it
broccoli carrots and cabbage all that
stuff is easy to freeze you're supposed
to have one tablespoon of plum sauce I
had plum sauce that expired a year ago
and I didn't realize it so i have 1
tablespoon of duck sauce because i have
a whole bunch of pack of the duck sauce
and 1 egg white beaten i have the all
whites in the container and you see the
zero weight watcher points so here gives
you a breakdown of the equivalent of it
note says three tablespoons three
tablespoons of egg whites approximately
is one large egg and I just need one egg
white so I'm going to put two
tablespoons because I'm assuming when
they say the large egg there including
the yolk in it as well so i'm going to
put two tablespoons for one egg white ok
guys
is one other thing I forgot to tell you
about this recipe I don't like it so I
didn't include it um if you like water
chestnuts the recipe does call for two
tablespoons of chopped drained water
chestnuts but I don't like them so I
didn't put them in so now we are going
to combine our egg whites our green
onion our duck sauce our carrots our
broccoli slaw and one-and-a-half
teaspoons of water now before I add my
tofu in i'm going to give this a quick
nick just so that everything is coated
add your tofu in alright guys so now you
have to move really quickly with this
you want to add about a teaspoon of
filling into the center of your wonton
wrapper moisten the edges with a little
bit of water don't use egg wash because
you don't want to add any additional
calories then quickly pick it up and
pinch it together diagonally now be
gentle so you don't rip them because I
ripped my very first one and make sure
you're getting the air bubbles out of it
and just make sure it's sealed you may
have to go over it one or two times with
your fingers to make sure that you have
all the air out and that it's sealed
then on a flower sheep just push it down
and press it down just so that it has a
small flat bottom if you press it down
too hard and it opens up just pinch it
but you do want to press it down gently
so that the bottom is flat so i'm going
to finish these up and i'll be back so
here all the pot stickers put on the
tray this is such a time-consuming
process alright so first thing you want
to do is to heat two teaspoons of
vegetable oil on medium high heat at the
bottom of your skillet and just add half
of your pot stickers in your skill at a
time just and cook them for about one
minute just until they are lightly
browned and don't let them touch that's
why you only add in half of them and if
you have press them down a little bit on
your baking tray to make the bottoms of
them flat they'll stand up in the pan
really easy now once you they brown a
little bit go ahead and add half a cup
of water
reduce your heat cover this and cook it
for about five minutes i'm going to show
you guys the bottom of one see that's
nice and brant women can't see you
that's nice and brown all right after
five minutes go ahead on and remove the
cover and let this cook for about three
or four minutes or until all the water
has evaporated now after the water
evaporates if your bottoms had not
browned in the beginning you would want
to let them cook for a one or two
minutes without anything in it so they
can brown buttons mine did brown once
this water evaporates I'm just going to
remove it so let them cook for about
three or four minutes until all the
waters bomb alright guys so all my water
is evaporated and i'm going to pick one
up so you can see the bottom that's the
bottom i'm going to go it on and remove
these and put them on a cooling rack and
finish them up so i'll be done after
they're all i'll be back after they're
all done so we're going to be making the
dipping sauce for our wontons I've added
two tablespoons of water in here so 2
tablespoons of rice vinegar 3
tablespoons of low-sodium soy sauce and
you do need to use the low-sodium
because you want to count your calories
as well as your salt intake you don't
want this to salted and 1 teaspoon of
freshly grated ginger now the one thing
I do with my ginger I get mine from the
farmers market and get a big piece and I
just immediately throw it into the
freezer you can always armed peel it and
then throw it into the freezer but the
skin on ginger is so incredibly thin it
really doesn't matter but i just took
mine off just now really easy with a
paring knife and this is still frozen so
1 teaspoon of fresh ginger and one
fourth of a teaspoon of toasted sesame
oil mine is just plain sesame oil um
again guys I don't really think you can
substitute any of this stuff because
it's not going to have the same flavor
one-eighth to one fourth of a teaspoon
of crushed red pepper depending on how
spicy you like it you can always add
more now give this a good whisk
so that everything is combined and all
the flavors are melting and give it a
taste too because you can see if you
need to add more oil to thicken it up or
if you want to even add more seasoning
maybe you think it's a little bland but
I'm gonna whisk it up and give it a
taste this sauce tastes really really
good guys you don't need to add anything
else to this if you like ginger a walk
you could always add a little bit more
ginger but it really doesn't it this is
a really good dipping sauce and it
complements the potstickers very very
well because of pasta girls are not
overly seasoned and they're also tofu so
this tastes really good so I'll be back
with pictures and i'll show you my meal